hey Arielle so I'm Union Christmas hall
/ birthday haul for you guys I'm gonna
just jump right into it and talk about
this amazing Hello Kitty purse bag I got
it is so adorable it comes with like
this really cute like keychain looking
heart thing which I really like I
probably just like find some other use
for it other than hanging on my bag
then it comes with like the tag on the
Hello Kitty and she's actually like
really velvety which I really like and I
think it makes me your bag how about
even more cement leave that one on there
mine's a little bowling bag like I don't
know if you guys can see the details
probably I was like all the little Hello
Kitty designs on it there and so my
boyfriend told his mom and his sister
are and his grandparents and everyone
else in the whole world I love Hello
Kitty well I had this I had this wallet
for I don't know how long now forever
and I got a first deal I got it for like
10 bucks I think $9.99 and so this goes
perfect with my purse which I really am
in love with and his sister actually
bought me that bag and she bought me
these really cute Hello Kitty socks and
on top of that once I find it oh she
bought me Hello Kitty earrings and Hello
Kitty lip balm and chapstick so she's
like that's gonna be so cute so I
probably start wearing these all the
time now they're so adorable
they're like little diamond Hello Kitty
earrings and these socks are like hell
okay I'm really not that obsessed with
it but if I get it for free hey why not
Christmas more the merrier himself my
boyfriend didn't buy me anything for my
birthday he did take me out to a really
nice Mexican restaurant and he got them
this thing under like ukuleles or
whatever Mexicans play banjos or
something I don't know they put like
this huge hat on me I drink a peach
margarita
a strawberry daiquiri and Long Island
iced tea for my birthday so I tried a
bunch of cool little different drinks
and I guess they weren't very little he
for Christmas he bought me the Crest
Whitestrips this is what I asked for he
kind of bought it when I was there
Crest Whitestrips and two freaking packs
of two things I'm like are you trying to
tell me something but he's like no it's
stone with your Crest Whitestrips I'm
like I'm gonna be good with crushed
white strips until I have like ten
children and I'll still have toothpaste
so it's whatever you always need
toothpaste I was good to have backup
toothpaste
his grandma actually got me this really
cute 18 karat gold topaz necklace thing
I don't know I'm gonna pick it up but
it's for my birthday and she got me this
cute little um what'd you call it a
jewelry box and I've had so many jeweler
box I had like a really big jeweler box
it's all like mirrored out and
everything just really adorable
his grandma also went all out and she
bought me some those she bought me the
most stuff out of anybody like their
whole family I'm like oh my gosh but
with lots of lotions she bought me like
hand sanitizer
she made me cookies oh my gosh it was
crazy and like oh my gosh thank you his
mom got me like jewelry like feather
hair extensions this really weird head
dancing I'm not sure how you're supposed
to wear this I should know since I'm a
cosmetologist or something but I don't
know wrap around or something I think
that looks cute that way I don't like
like I think some people tied up in the
back or something and wear it over I
just feel like that looks like a dog
Taylor
things will see what I do with this one
I'm sorry I'm so sick to me I'm kind of
just throwing everything in a bag and
then I have more bath and Bodyworks
stuff in here and so that's the way that
the body works anywhere you go you see
back the body works now so I always have
that deal like three for twenty I got
earrings and mom gave me I get like a
big boot what do you call it a sock full
of he's a sock you hang it on your
fireplace I can't remember that's called
sock full of candy and toys and stuff
I'm not sure um makeup I'm just showing
it with all this back in the bag because
I won't need it for a while you know
lotion like jazz man baby saw perfume
this is just really old lots of more
lotion like a free bracelet I don't even
show you what I'm sorry I'm really sick
but I really want to do this video
before I through my closet because I
really want to show you my Hello Kitty
bag I was so excited about that I got
some earrings I have them in my Dave &
Buster's shot glasses then I turned 21 I
probably more alcohols an alcoholic and
it's really bad and you like have this
stuff I tried like ooh I don't even like
this but I got tons more than I can show
you glasses from dave & buster's this
was from some alcohol place and like
it's my 21st birthday and they're like
here we're gonna throw some extras in
and I got like four of these
I got two more like really tall tall
shot glasses like this but now from dave
& buster's they're a little taller and
they're supposed to be like for vodka or
something I'm not really a big vodka
drinker but it's whatever
whatever floats my boat have enough for
a party but yeah I really wanted to show
you this - I probably do another video
on this because I know a lot of you guys
watch my videos first is errs and I went
to Joelle's website and well tools for
the pro where I worked at and I got
these this really cute
Joell bag hand thingy and I got a pair
of new let me hold him right Joell
shears which they're a little long for
my taste but I'm gonna try them out once
I get the hang of them I gotta take this
rubber thing out for my something a
little too big for it but once I try
them out and if I like I'm gonna do a
review if I don't I'll do a review
anyways because this is gonna be my
second pair if I don't like it's gonna
be the second pair of Joelle's and I
spent over 90 bucks for and didn't like
so we'll see what happens
but I hope you guys have a marvelous New
Year's I'll make a video before that
talking about my shears I hope I get
better soon I've been sick for a long
time and that actually is giving me a
lot of light so that's kind of cool but
ciao hope you guys have a good time you
know
Ariel bye